You killed him?
Broad insurance comes from dead
Who will help me be the master of the doctor?
So what if you kill him?
You care so much about him
Could it be that you sold the flag?
How is that possible?
Even confidential
If you don't keep it well
That is to go
Congratulations on my return to life
Stop now Hiroshima Sonoko is dead
Now I want to climb on this dead man
Hiroshima Atomic is the messenger of Chiang Wen Guo
Now he is dead in our Dragon Country area
Do you want the two countries to go to war?
What do you want?
Take this counterfeit
Go to a military court
Killed us all
How dare you hit me?
What if I hit you?
As the female commander of the Dragon Kingdom
Do you still need to pick a date?
That's enough!
One more word of nonsense
I don't mind my loyal subjects looking at human life
Who are you?
Little sister I like it